Update flutterflow doc (#16)
GoogleCloudPlatform/core-solution-services: README.md

flexibility to leverage a number of LLMs like VertexAI, ChatGPT 3.5/4, Cohere, and more to come.

Highlighted features:

- Enable any enterprise to leverage a chatbot to answer any questions based on their selected
  content such as a list of documents, databases, etc.
- Easy to plug in and use any LLM models available in the market, leveraging Langchain.

> - Cross platform digital application powered by [FlutterFlow](https://flutterflow.io/) that delivers seamless experience to users on Android, iOS, web, and desktop platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cross platform frontend application powered by [FlutterFlow](https://flutterflow.io/) that delivers end-to-end user flows and seamless experience on Android, iOS, web, and desktop platforms.
```

Author: Updated!
